so documents actions in time situation
also get around better finish you know a
lot of stress time oh my scanning body
frame when I still want to Cumbria show
them investigate and just that's not
just no creo guy I'm ready
no finish
I'm in Vegas it impacts okay so
basically they're basically trying to
try and put only
we don't get a lot of shots of men I
think it is
we've been eating pretty good of their
Island Iced again seven pounds and I
mean good working in different ways so
basically my team you know work out like
twice a day and they salute every name
notice
they're telling me either earth the
middle 2nd round so okay right now I'm
just trying to like say China sort of
team to know I may be a skinning for a
skinny guy or whatever but I've to admit
it do you everything anybody else to do